a synthetic OMOP CDM guide (#159)
microsoft/OHDSIonAzure: README.md

To get more detailed instructions, please refer to the [Deployment Guide](./docs/DeploymentGuide.md).
[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fmicrosoft%2FOHDSIonAzure%2Fv2%2Finfra%2Farm_output%2Fmain.json)

## Create a synthetic OMOP CDM

> follow [this guide](/docs/PrepareSyntheticOMOP.md) to create a synthetic OMOP CDM database to use with Atlas and WebAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution comes with a prebuilt synthetic CDM of 1,000 patients. If you wish to create your own (maybe larger) synthetic dataset you can follow a similar process described [here](/docs/PrepareSyntheticOMOP.md).
```
